ENH Adds predict_params to TransformedTargetRegressor (#19244)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/whats_new/v1.0.rst

    :pr:`123456` by :user:`Joe Bloggs <joeongithub>`.
    where 123456 is the *pull request* number, not the issue number.

:mod:`sklearn.compose`
......................

> - |Enhancement| Added **predict_params parameter and also a test where I
>   guarantee that the additional parameter is set to false. :pr:`19244`
>   by :user:`Ricardo <ricardojnf>`.

Reviewer: The whats_new is user facing and describes what changed:

```suggestion
- |Enhancement| Adds `**predict_params` kwargs to
  :meth:`compose.TransformedTargetRegressor.predict` that passes kwargs
  to the regressor. :pr:`19244` by :user:`Ricardo <ricardojnf>`.
```
